yq01-spi-ddc3.yq01 response FAILD!

yq01-spi-time37.yq01 response FAILD!

yq01-spi-ddc57.yq01 response FAILD!

yq01-spi-tdc19.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time29.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc4.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc14.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc12.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc1.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc10.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc18.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc3.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc9.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc6.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc13.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc15.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc7.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc16.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc5.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time42.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time76.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time77.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time73.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time78.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time80.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time75.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc0.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time79.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time81.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc17.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc115.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc11.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc2.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time10.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time5.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time6.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time8.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 00:02:31:  distribute2 * 50295 [dc_monitor] cs_method:GET cs_status:OK cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:OK del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:1 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x15400000 page_crawl_time:1490371351 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:7 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc8.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time19.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time27.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time58.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc21.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time45.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time32.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time68.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time23.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time15.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time56.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time4.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time54.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time30.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time51.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time50.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time61.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time11.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc22.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time59.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time48.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time82.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time49.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time60.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time1.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time26.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time34.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time18.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time14.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 12:43:49:  distribute2 * 8814 [dc_monitor] cs_method:GET cs_status:OK cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:OK del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:1 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x15400000 page_crawl_time:1490417028 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:9 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time43.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time39.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time7.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time17.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time65.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time0.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc178.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time55.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc193.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc139.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time13.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc194.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time28.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc181.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc23.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time12.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time33.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time25.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc191.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc120.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time62.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time67.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc186.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time24.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time47.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc189.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time66.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc182.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc177.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time63.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time52.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc195.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc143.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc142.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc102.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-24 18:03:39:  distribute2 * 26154 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490349819 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:6 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time74.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc70.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc188.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc14.yq01 response FAILD!

yq01-spi-time69.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc129.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-28 10:31:13:  distribute2 * 370 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:FAIL_NORMAL cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:FAIL_NORMAL del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x0400 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x0 page_crawl_time:1490668273 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:1 abnormal:1 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0 SfPageZippedLen:0 ContLen:806
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc122.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc137.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time38.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time3.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time46.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time71.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time53.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc119.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc165.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc201.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc166.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc117.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc103.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 23:23:05:  distribute2 * 29913 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490455385 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:11 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc152.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc132.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc135.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc157.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc146.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc204.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 11:31:28:  distribute2 * 27473 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490412687 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:9 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-tdc20.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc126.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc89.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc140.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc155.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time57.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc128.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc179.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-26 03:04:35:  distribute2 * 34735 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490468675 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:12 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time72.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc197.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc121.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc90.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc168.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc125.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc96.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc141.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc147.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc200.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc161.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc130.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc83.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc175.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc134.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc109.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc138.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc73.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time31.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time41.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time22.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time64.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc196.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc203.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time70.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc171.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc202.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc93.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc116.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-26 12:04:07:  distribute2 * 30224 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490501047 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:13 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc176.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc151.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc158.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc160.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc148.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc169.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc154.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc99.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc95.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc187.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc92.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc123.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 06:27:30:  distribute2 * 37809 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490394450 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:8 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc113.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc101.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc174.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc133.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc172.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc104.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc163.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc111.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time36.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time40.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time44.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time35.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc153.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc91.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc100.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc149.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc105.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc97.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc162.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc106.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc112.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc131.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc190.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc184.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc150.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc167.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc164.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc59.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time21.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc15.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc6.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc69.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc0.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc47.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc32.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time16.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc36.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc24.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc34.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc38.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc19.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc98.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc82.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc33.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc8.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time2.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc4.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc173.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc192.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc40.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc180.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc23.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc198.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc170.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc118.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc159.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time20.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc205.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc199.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc94.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc39.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc124.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc156.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc43.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc18.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-27 04:38:07:  distribute2 * 51297 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490560581 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:14 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc62.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc53.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc20.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc64.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc17.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc1.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc27.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc7.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc67.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc16.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc74.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc25.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc55.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc72.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc2.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc68.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc79.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc75.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc76.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc31.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc71.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc86.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc81.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
NOTICE: 03-25 19:58:25:  distribute2 * 57196 [dc_monitor] cs_method:CHK cs_status:NOT_MOD cs_result:200 image_type:0 saver_status:NOT_MOD del_reason:0 cache_dest:0 url:mgr.chinawuda.com/ redir_url: redir_type:0x41 forward:0 origin_code:UTF8 lang_type:SIMP_CHINESE wise:0 page_weight:10 mdoc_type:0 pt_number:0 send_flag:0x1401 page_length:8594 exprotocol: protocol:0 page_classify:0x100000000000009 link_src_type:0x400000 page_crawl_time:1490442947 spam:0 original_grade:0 exdata_src:0 hub:1904 send_wdn:0 MIPType:1 old_wise:0 layer:1 chn_depth:0 abnormal_count:10 abnormal:0 pc_wise_classifier:4 mf_score:0.000 is_sf_render:0 sf_render_type:0 sfsuccess:0 ua_index:0
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc61.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc45.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc78.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc185.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc12.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc144.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc46.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc29.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc85.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc28.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc52.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc10.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc11.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc77.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc50.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc60.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc107.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc80.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc84.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc21.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc35.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc48.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc54.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc41.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc66.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc42.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc51.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc65.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc136.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-time9.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc114.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc145.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc63.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc183.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc108.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc26.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc5.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc58.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc13.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc37.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc30.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc49.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc44.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc22.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc9.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc56.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc87.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc88.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

yq01-spi-ddc127.yq01 response OK!
dc_agent: start to execute cmd
dc_agent: finish execute cmd

